# CS340 Portfolio
 
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The main way we can write maintainbale, readable, and adatable code is by modularizing it. By creating a CRUD interface in Python, we can easily re-use the same module for other potential projects involving a MongoDB database. Another way to make the code more readable was by creating README files to allow users/collaborators to understand what the code is doing and how.
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
A good approach to problems as a computer scientist is to understand the main goals and needs of the client. Once you've solidified what the client requires the software to accomplish, you can begin planning and designing the software. Having this base set allows for streamlined development since you know exactly what you need to accomplish.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer Scientists create software that can accomplish many different things. From data visualization to video games, computer scientists help in automating tedious tasks or just entertainment. For a company like Grazioso Salvara, we created a data visualization tool to allow for the employees to quickly find a suitable rescue dog for different types of rescue missions. In this case, the work of a computer scientist can be life saving.
